Documentation for Prometheus and Grafana installation flags (#1690)
openservicemesh/osm: docs/patterns/observability.md

### Automatic bring up

> By default, OSM installation will deploy a Prometheus stack (plus necessary rules for proper communication). OSM will annotate the pods joined in the mesh with necessary sections to later have Prometheus reach and scrape the pods, also by default. To install a Grafana stack, set the enable-grafana flag to true when doing OSM install. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, OSM installation will deploy a Prometheus instance to scrape the sidecar metrics' endpoints. OSM will annotate the pods joined in the mesh with necessary sections to later have Prometheus reach and scrape the pods, also by default. To install a Grafana stack, set the enable-grafana flag to true when doing OSM install. 
```
